itemGroup.tabXItems=XyCraft Items
itemGroup.tabXBlocks=XyCraft Blocks
itemGroup.tabXMachines=XyCraft Engineering

item.XychoriumBlue.name=Blue Xychorium
item.XychoriumGreen.name=Green Xychorium
item.XychoriumRed.name=Red Xychorium
item.XychoriumDark.name=Dark Xychorium
item.XychoriumLight.name=Light Xychorium
item.XychoriditeBlue.name=Blue Xychoridite Ingot
item.XychoriditeGreen.name=Green Xychoridite Ingot
item.XychoriditeRed.name=Red Xychoridite Ingot
item.XychoriditeDark.name=Dark Xychoridite Ingot
item.XychoriditeLight.name=Light Xychoridite Ingot

tile.XyBlockBlue.name=Blue Xychorium Block
tile.XyBlockGreen.name=Green Xychorium Block
tile.XyBlockRed.name=Red Xychorium Block
tile.XyBlockDark.name=Dark Xychorium Block
tile.XyBlockLight.name=Light Xychorium Block

tile.XyBrickBlue.name=Blue Xychorium Brick
tile.XyBrickGreen.name=Green Xychorium Brick
tile.XyBrickRed.name=Red Xychorium Brick
tile.XyBrickDark.name=Dark Xychorium Brick
tile.XyBrickLight.name=Light Xychorium Brick

tile.XyOreBlue.name=Blue Xychorium Ore
tile.XyOreGreen.name=Green Xychorium Ore
tile.XyOreRed.name=Red Xychorium Ore
tile.XyOreDark.name=Dark Xychorium Ore
tile.XyOreLight.name=Light Xychorium Ore

tile.XyStBlack.name=Black Xychorium Structure
tile.XyStRed.name=Red Xychorium Structure
tile.XyStGreen.name=Green Xychorium Structure
tile.XyStBrown.name=Brown Xychorium Structure
tile.XyStBlue.name=Blue Xychorium Structure
tile.XyStPurple.name=Purple Xychorium Structure
tile.XyStCyan.name=Cyan Xychorium Structure
tile.XyStLightGray.name=Light Gray Xychorium Structure
tile.XyStGray.name=Gray Xychorium Structure
tile.XyStPink.name=Pink Xychorium Structure
tile.XyStLime.name=Lime Xychorium Structure
tile.XyStYellow.name=Yellow Xychorium Structure
tile.XyStLightBlue.name=Light Blue Xychorium Structure 
tile.XyStMagenta.name=Magenta Xychorium Structure
tile.XyStOrange.name=Orange Xychorium Structure
tile.XyStWhite.name=White Xychorium Structure

tile.XyPlateBlack.name=Black Xychorium Plate
tile.XyPlateRed.name=Red Xychorium Plate
tile.XyPlateGreen.name=Green Xychorium Plate
tile.XyPlateBrown.name=Brown Xychorium Plate
tile.XyPlateBlue.name=Blue Xychorium Plate
tile.XyPlatePurple.name=Purple Xychorium Plate
tile.XyPlateCyan.name=Cyan Xychorium Plate
tile.XyPlateLightGray.name=Light Gray Xychorium Plate
tile.XyPlateGray.name=Gray Xychorium Plate
tile.XyPlatePink.name=Pink Xychorium Plate
tile.XyPlateLime.name=Lime Xychorium Plate
tile.XyPlateYellow.name=Yellow Xychorium Plate
tile.XyPlateLightBlue.name=Light Blue Xychorium Plate
tile.XyPlateMagenta.name=Magenta Xychorium Plate
tile.XyPlateOrange.name=Orange Xychorium Plate
tile.XyPlateWhite.name=White Xychorium Plate

tile.XyShieldBlack.name=Black Xychorium Shield
tile.XyShieldRed.name=Red Xychorium Shield
tile.XyShieldGreen.name=Green Xychorium Shield
tile.XyShieldBrown.name=Brown Xychorium Shield
tile.XyShieldBlue.name=Blue Xychorium Shield
tile.XyShieldPurple.name=Purple Xychorium Shield
tile.XyShieldCyan.name=Cyan Xychorium Shield
tile.XyShieldLightGray.name=Light Gray Xychorium Shield
tile.XyShieldGray.name=Gray Xychorium Shield
tile.XyShieldPink.name=Pink Xychorium Shield
tile.XyShieldLime.name=Lime Xychorium Shield
tile.XyShieldYellow.name=Yellow Xychorium Shield
tile.XyShieldLightBlue.name=Light Blue Xychorium Shield
tile.XyShieldMagenta.name=Magenta Xychorium Shield
tile.XyShieldOrange.name=Orange Xychorium Shield
tile.XyShieldWhite.name=White Xychorium Shield

tile.XyPlatformBlack.name=Black Xychorium Platform
tile.XyPlatformRed.name=Red Xychorium Platform
tile.XyPlatformGreen.name=Green Xychorium Platform
tile.XyPlatformBrown.name=Brown Xychorium Platform
tile.XyPlatformBlue.name=Blue Xychorium Platform
tile.XyPlatformPurple.name=Purple Xychorium Platform
tile.XyPlatformCyan.name=Cyan Xychorium Platform
tile.XyPlatformLightGray.name=Light Gray Xychorium Platform
tile.XyPlatformGray.name=Gray Xychorium Platform
tile.XyPlatformPink.name=Pink Xychorium Platform
tile.XyPlatformLime.name=Lime Xychorium Platform
tile.XyPlatformYellow.name=Yellow Xychorium Platform
tile.XyPlatformLightBlue.name=Light Blue Xychorium Platform
tile.XyPlatformMagenta.name=Magenta Xychorium Platform
tile.XyPlatformOrange.name=Orange Xychorium Platform
tile.XyPlatformWhite.name=White Xychorium Platform

tile.EngineeringBlockBlue.name=Blue Engineering Block
tile.EngineeringBlockGreen.name=Green Engineering Block
tile.EngineeringBlockRed.name=Red Engineering Block
tile.EngineeringBlockDark.name=Dark Engineering Block
tile.EngineeringBlockLight.name=Light Engineering Block

tile.GlassViewer.name=Glass Viewer

tile.XychoriumWater.name=Xychorium Water
tile.XychoriumSoil.name=Xychorium Soil 
tile.XychoriumFire.name=Xychorium Fire Basin 
tile.XychoriumVoid.name=Xychorium Liquid Void 
tile.XychoriumIce.name=Xychorium Ice

item.SeedCorn.name=Corn Seeds
item.Corn.name=Corn
item.CobOCorn.name=Cob 'o Corn
item.PopCorn.name=Popcorn

tile.CropCorn.name=Corn Crop

tile.LampBlack.name=
tile.LampRed.name=
tile.LampGreen.name=
tile.LampBrown.name=
tile.LampBlue.name=
tile.LampPurple.name=
tile.LampCyan.name=
tile.LampLightGray.name=
tile.LampGray.name=
tile.LampPink.name=
tile.LampLime.name=
tile.LampYellow.name=
tile.LampLightBlue.name=
tile.LampMagenta.name=
tile.LampOrange.name=
tile.LampWhite.name=